Deprecated /(un)follow commands and respective usercard action (#3078)
Chatterino/chatterino2: CHANGELOG.md

## Unversioned

- Major: Newly uploaded Twitch emotes are once again present in emote picker and can be autocompleted with Tab as well. (#2992)

> - Major: Deprecated `/(un)follow` commands and (un)following in the usercards as Twitch removed the possibility to (un)follow users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Major: Deprecated `/(un)follow` commands and (un)following in the usercards as Twitch has removed this feature for 3rd party applications. (#3076, #3078)
```
